Add --force-refresh flag to `auth token` command (#4767)
databricks/cli: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

- Add `bundle.engine` config setting to select the deployment engine (`terraform` or `direct`). The `DATABRICKS_BUNDLE_ENGINE` environment variable takes precedence over this setting. When the configured engine doesn't match existing deployment state, a warning is issued and the existing engine is used ([#4749](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/4749)).

### CLI

> * Add `--force-refresh` flag to `databricks auth token` to force a token refresh even when the cached token is still valid ([#4564](https://github.com/databricks/cli/issues/4564)).

Author: ```suggestion
* Add `--force-refresh` flag to `databricks auth token` to force a token refresh even when the cached token is still valid ([#4767](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/4767)).
```
